# Airport-Simulation
Simulated planes arriving and leaving an airport in C++, using OOP.

## Setting up the Hospital:
In order for patients to be treated by priority, the waiting room must be sorted by priority. The idea is to have a queue of lists, where the lists contain all patients with a certain illness priority. After a patient is triaged (a priority is given to them), they arrive in the waiting room. Doctors are the only ones who can treat patients of priority 11-20, so their job is to go over the queue and check if the lists have any patients in them. If there are no patients with a priority above 11, then doctors can help nurses treat 11 and under. After a patient is treated, they are removed from their priority list. The hospital will also keep records of who came in. The total time in the hospital, name, and priority are added to the record. Using a function to extract the total time and the number of people in the records, the average time in the hospital can be calculated. The hospital will be a class, with a queue containing records, waiting room queue, doctors, and nurses. The hospital will also have a clock counter that represents time passing. Once a medical personnel is done treating a patient, they return to the waiting room. At this time, the clock is updated and so are the total time in the hospital for the patients. A new patient is brought to the emergency room. The priority list is updated.

The emergency room of the hospital is where patients are treated. Patients are removed from the priority list queue of the waiting room, and the function “treat” done by the doctors and nurses is completed. The function “treat” adds the total time to be treated by the medical personnel to the total time in the hospital of the patient. Once the patient leaves the emergency room, the records of the hospital are updated with the patient’s information.
